Dare to speak nonsense here
What to say, I go home for the king of Zhenbei, the first battlefield
Listen to what the prince has to say
There can be fake
Our little prince is also the son of my northern king
Coming to Jiangnan soon to execute this traitor
The vanguard army will be at the door soon
You still touch him
Do you want to be a traitor like him?
Let me tell you one more thing
Why was Jiangnan banned for 20 years?
All because of this traitor
What is the Jiangnan disaster?
All because of this man
He and Lorraine are still pretending to be doing favors here
I didn't expect this kid to be a liar
Fortunately, the general came in time
Otherwise, you will be deceived by him.
How dare a traitor be so arrogant
The general joked
This traitor who is inferior to pigs and dogs
How can we possibly turn to
It was just because of the situation
We are deliberately overbearing
Now come the general
So we kind of gave up.
Hey hey hey yes yes yes
general
A traitor
Dare to yell here
Hey
The general is here
Surrender quickly
A boneless traitor
Pretending to be a pair of iron-clad magic
It's disgusting
I still want my Qin family to go bankrupt
Let everyone in Jiangnan turn against each other
The little prince will be here soon
I want to see you die without a burial
What right do you have to talk nonsense?
The whistle called me a traitor
You are the son of his side
Said I was the bloodline of a traitor